Mention OpenEXR dependencies on README (#2269)
AcademySoftwareFoundation/openexr: README.md

policies](GOVERNANCE.md), [contribution guidelines](CONTRIBUTING.md), and [code of conduct](CODE_OF_CONDUCT)
for more information.

# Building OpenEXR

Some dependencies are needed to build OpenEXR.
To not repeat ourselves, the list can be found at the

> "Prerequisites" section of the docs: <https://openexr.com/en/latest/install.html#prerequisites>.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See the [Install instructions](https://openexr.com/en/latest/install.html) for instructions on how to build
OpenEXR and its required prerequisites.
```
